Feat/add ga4 viewcart event (#328)
vtex-apps/minicart: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - Send `view_cart` event to analytics when minicart is opened

Reviewer: Let's use VTEX's intermediary format for the event name:
```suggestion
- Send `vtex:viewCart` event to analytics when minicart is opened
```
